The Cloud is the perfect place to host your travel blogging website, mytrips.com.
The first thing you'll need though is a server,
a powerful computer that can serve up your website when a user requests it.
Next, you'll want to use security mechanisms to protect your website and data.
Lastly, you'll want to use Cloud services to
help you manage and maintain the lifecycle of your website.
In this lesson, I will teach you about provisioning servers in the Cloud,
and common security mechanisms to keep your data safe.
Next, I will show you compute power in the Cloud,
and orchestration services that help you manage
the deployment and monitoring of your cloud-based applications.
So let's get started.